Cleanup and doc (#8)
camptocamp/devops-stack-module-cluster-eks: README.adoc

= devops-stack-module-cluster-eks

A https://devops-stack.io/[DevOps Stack] module to deploy a Kubernetes cluster on Amazon Web Services EKS.

This module currently only supports https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/worker.html[self-managed node groups] and not https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/managed-node-groups.html[EKS managed nodes]. It uses the terraform https://registry.terraform.io/modules/terraform-aws-modules/eks/aws/latest[module "eks" by AWS] to manage the cluster itself.

> The `node_groups` variable is map of objects. Each value of the map creates a node_group referenced by its label. The value object can take any input accepted by the https://registry.terraform.io/modules/terraform-aws-modules/eks/aws/latest/submodules/self-managed-node-group[self-managed-node-group] submodule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `node_groups` variable is a map of objects. Each value of the map creates a node group referenced by its label. The value object can take any input accepted by the https://registry.terraform.io/modules/terraform-aws-modules/eks/aws/latest/submodules/self-managed-node-group[self-managed-node-group] submodule.
```

Here is an example that creates one node group with 3 instances of type `r5a.large`, attaches them to the main Load Balancer, and customizes the base EBS volume size to 100 GB:

----
  node_groups = {
    "my-node-group" = {
      instance_type     = "r5a.xlarge"
      min_size          = 3
      max_size          = 3
      desired_size      = 3
      target_group_arns = module.my_cluster.nlb_target_groups

      block_device_mappings = {
        "default" = {
          device_name = "/dev/xvda"
          ebs = {
            volume_size = 100
          }
        }
      }
    },
  }
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

TIP: You can check out available instance types on the https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types[official AWS documentation pages].

```

> Depending on the `create_public_nlb` and `create_private_nlb` variales, it creates a public and/or public Network Load Balancer(s). The node groups that have the `target_group_arns = module.my_cluster.nlb_target_groups` value set will be added as backends of the LBs. By defautl, the LBs only forward traffic on the ports `80` and `443`, but you can customize this using the `extra_lb_target_groups` and `extra_lb_http_tcp_listeners` variable to add other ports. Look at the `lb.tf` file in this module for the syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the `create_public_nlb` and `create_private_nlb` variales, it creates a public and/or public Network Load Balancer(s). The node groups that have the `target_group_arns = module.my_cluster.nlb_target_groups` value set will be added as backends of the LBs. By default, the LBs only forward traffic on the ports `80` and `443`, but you can customize this using the `extra_lb_target_groups` and `extra_lb_http_tcp_listeners` variables to add other ports. Look at the `lb.tf` file in this module for the syntax.
```

Author: docs: fix typo

> This module needs a Route53 zone in the same AWS account to create a wildcard CNAME record that points the the Network LB. The DNS zone must be passed in the `base_domain` variable. This record is used by other DevOps Stack modules as default urls for their applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module needs a Route 53 DNS zone in the same AWS account to create a wildcard CNAME record that points to the Network LB. The DNS zone must be passed in the `base_domain` variable. This record is used by other DevOps Stack modules as default URLs for their applications.
```
